---
sticky: false
title: Kulturnacht Ulm/Neu-Ulm 2025
author: Community
date: 2025-09-14T08:00:00.000Z
draft: false
categories:
  - news
tags:
  - kulturnacht  
images: 
  - /wp-content/uploads/2025/09/kulturnacht.jpg
---

This year too, the Temporärhaus is part of the Kulturnacht Ulm 2025. Together with the House of Sustainability, we are opening our doors from 3:00 PM to 1:30 AM.

## Afternoon Program for Children and Youth

Starting at 3:00 PM, the Jugend hackt Lab will host a varied children’s program. Kids and teens can get creative in our workshops – just drop by and join in at any time:

### Workshop 1: Soldering Kits

Here you can gain your first experiences with soldering. Beginners can try out the “Al Hacka Alpaka,” while more advanced participants can solder the “Bill Badge” – which even lets you play laser tag. We welcome donations to cover material costs.



### Workshop 2: Printing Postcards

We will design postcards and artworks using linocut printing, with DIY presses from Provisional Press and the Open Press Project. Everyone can try out the Blockface stamps, which can be used to create typographic posters and cards, and discover the joy of printing.

### Workshop 3: Plant Printing

With simple printing techniques, leaves and blossoms can be transferred onto paper as motifs. Create your own prints starting at 4:30 PM!

## Main Program from 6:00 PM

From early evening, everything here will revolve around free knowledge and our workshops. There will be games and interactive activities – for example, discovering open knowledge with GeoGuessr or WikiTrivia.

In addition, we invite you to explore our spaces and various exhibits, learn something new, and get creative yourself.

And as always, our workshops will be open – a great opportunity to take a look behind the scenes.

We’re looking forward to seeing you!